American Independence Day
7/4
America
Independence Day, known colloquially as the Fourth of July, is a federal holiday in the United States commemorating the Declaration of Independence, which was ratified by the Second Continental Congress on July 4, 1776, establishing the United States of America.
Martin Luther King Jr. Day
1/15
America
Commonly called Martin Luther King, Jr. Day or MLK Day, the third Monday of January is a federal holiday to honor his life and legacy.
Memorial Day
5/27
America
Memorial Day is a federal holiday in the United States for honoring and mourning the U.S. military personnel who died while serving in the United States Armed Forces.
Veterans Day
11/11
America
Veterans Day is a federal holiday in the United States observed annually on November 11, for honoring military veterans of the United States Armed Forces.
Labor Day
8/2
America
Labor Day is a federal holiday in the United States celebrated on the first Monday of September to honor and recognize the American labor movement and the works and contributions of laborers to the development and achievements of the United States.
Constitution Day
February 5th
Mexico
Constitution Day in Mexico is celebrated every year, on the 5th of February. This day in 1917 marked the beginning of Mexico's current constitution that is still in place today. Constitution Day is a public holiday in Mexico, businesses, schools and the general public have a day off. A lot of festivities occur with celebrations on the street, music concerts, festivals.
Benito Juárez Day
March 18th
Mexico
El Día de Benito Juárez (Benito Juárez Day) is a national Mexican holiday celebrating Mexico’s former president and national hero’s March 21st birthday.
Day of the Dead
November 1st and 2nd
Mexico
The multi-day holiday involves family and friends gathering to pay respects and to remember friends and family members who have died. These celebrations can take a humorous tone, as celebrants remember funny events and anecdotes about the departed.
Revolution Day
November 20th
Mexico
Mexican Revolution Day is celebrated annually in Mexico on November 20, marking the start of what became the Mexican Revolution.
Virgin of Guadalupe Day
December 12th
Mexico
A popular feast day that celebrates the Virgin of Guadalupe: a brown-skinned, Indigenous vision of Mary that Catholics believe appeared to a peasant in 1531.